= twitter_archive

* http://github.com/csexton/twitter_archive

== DESCRIPTION:

An archiving utility for Twitter.  

I use my blog as a way to chronicle the things in my life, and I noticed with the introduction of Twitter into my normal routine I found that I was not blogging as much.  What I wanted to be able to do is incorporate the twitters into my blog timeline. And while I was able to do some JavaScript trickery to display the twitters on my blog, they were not *in* the blog.  Now if I ever want to go back and look up exactly what day my son got his second tooth, I can do so by digging through the blog archives. 

twitter_archive supports multiple backends.  I use Blogger, so I have support for that, as well as a very simple yaml archive backend that was intended for testing, but would provide a pretty good (and easy to parse) plan text backup of Twitter.


== FEATURES/PROBLEMS:

Archive your Twitter messages.

== SYNOPSIS:

=== YAML ARCHIVE BACKEND:

This requires a config file placed in the user's home directory:

Example ~/twitter_archive.yml for use with the yaml archive backend:

	accounts: 
	- name: fuzzymonk
	- name: amperecat
	- name: jnunemaker
	yaml_file: /home/your-user-name/twitter_archive/posts.yml

You can enter mutiple twitter accounts, and it will simply interate through them. You should know that twitter_archive will make seperate requests for each account, so unles you have been {IP whitelisted}[http://twitter.com/help/request_whitelisting] by Twitter you can hit their rate limits pretty easily.

=== BLOGGER ARCHIVE BACKEND:

This requires a config file placed in the user's home directory:

Example ~/twitter_archive.yml for use with the Blogger archive backend:

	accounts: 
	- name: fuzzymonk
	blogger_user: blogger-user # Normally your gmail address
	blogger_pass: blogger-password 
	blogger_title: Twitter # The title you want for you blog post
	blogger_id: 1234567891234567890 # 
	backend: blogger

To find your Blogger Blog ID refer to the {Blogger Help Center}[http://help.blogger.com/bin/answer.py?hl=en&answer=42191]

twitter_archive was intended to be run as a cron job, prolly once a day. It will post in a digest format, collecting all the twitters into one blog post. 

== INSTALL:

Get the gem:

	sudo gem install twitter_archive

Edit crontab to add twitter_archive:

	$ crontab -e

Then Add a line like the following:

	0 0  *    *   *    twitter_archive > /home/your-user-name/logs/twitter_archive.log 

This will run everyday at midnight. You can leave off the "> /home/.../twitter_archive.log" if you don't want to keep logs.

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2009 Christopher Sexton

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
